This is a unified driver/applications directory.

Drivers are contained in the OS-version specific directories (2.4 or 2.6),
and a few applications are in the apps directory. The devstuff holds a loader
script.

How to make everything:
Say "make" in this directory, and it compiles driver, apps and a loader
script, which can be (as su) installed via make install.

The loader script must be activated with a runlevel editor.



files in 2.4 directory:

dt340.c	   source code of the device driver.
dt340.h    header file containing all the definitions you need to
	   talk to the driver with ioctl() commands
dt340.o    the compiled driver; can be manually inserted with insmod, but
	   see below for scripted insertion

files in the 2.6 directory:
dt340.c   source code
dt340.h   extended version of the header file; contains a few more
	  ioctls.

Applications:

counter2:            small program to count events with this card during a 
		     definable integration time. This needs a particular
		     connection of various gate lines and counter
		     outputs. Need to write documentaion on his. 
counterscript_dt340: displays count rates for the first four inputs
digiout_dt340:       small program to send something to the digital outputs
		     for a short time.


Current state of the drivers:
2.4:    version which runs with a fixed major address, and can only handle
	one card

2.6:    dynamical major number, can handle up to 5 cards. Device files are
	automatically created and removed with card.

Change history:
      - modified PCI registration to get correct IRQ number; this was
        a problem, with a SuSE 10.0 distro on one of the machines. 5.9.07chk
      - added counterscript_dt340 to apps directory, no more
      addrows. 2.4.08chk
      - added digiout_dt340 as an example app to talk to the digital output
        lines 23.7.2009chk
      - added link to 2.6 driver for higher versions at some point. Need to
        make this more generic and remove the 2.6 restriction.
      - removed the IRQF_DISABLED option in the IRQ request since it seems
        to conflict with the IRQF_SHARED option, at least on a Debia distro

